README.md, before:

# Code-Quiz

## Create a timed quiz that stores high scores

The goal of this project is to create a quiz

## Appearance

Below is a short video of the appearance and functionality of this application:
![Code-Quiz Application Behavior](https://github.com/Joecode22/Code-Quiz/blob/main/app.gif "Password Generator Application Behavior")

## User Story

- AS A coding boot camp student
- I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
- SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers

## Acceptance Criteria

- GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
- WHEN I click the start button
- THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
- WHEN I answer a question
- THEN I am presented with another question
- WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
- THEN time is subtracted from the clock
- WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
- THEN the game is over
- WHEN the game is over
- THEN I can save my initials and score

## Installation

There is no installation requirement

## Usage

This project is deployed on github pages.
Follow this link to view: <https://joecode22.github.io/Code-Quiz/>

## Credits

The README for this project incorporates text from the project challenge assignment README from class.

## License

Please refer to the license section

## Features

Some key features of this application include:

1. Feature 1
2. Feature 2
3. Feature 3
4. Feature 4
5. Feature 5

Commit message:

added padding to the choices container in style.css, added functionality to cycle through the quiz questions in game.js, added references to the README file

README.md, after:

# Code-Quiz

## Create a timed quiz that stores high scores

The goal of this project is to create a quiz

## Appearance

Below is a short video of the appearance and functionality of this application:
![Code-Quiz Application Behavior](https://github.com/Joecode22/Code-Quiz/blob/main/app.gif "Password Generator Application Behavior")

## User Story

- AS A coding boot camp student
- I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
- SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers

## Acceptance Criteria

- GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
- WHEN I click the start button
- THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
- WHEN I answer a question
- THEN I am presented with another question
- WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
- THEN time is subtracted from the clock
- WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
- THEN the game is over
- WHEN the game is over
- THEN I can save my initials and score

## Installation

There is no installation requirement

## Usage

This project is deployed on github pages.
Follow this link to view: <https://joecode22.github.io/Code-Quiz/>

## Credits

- The README for this project incorporates text from the project challenge assignment README from class.
- The quiz questions come from material on wikipedia about the Russin war in Ukraine:
-- "Battle of Mykolaiv.” Wikipedia, , last updated 15 March 2023, <https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Battle_of_Mykolaiv&action=history>
-- "Battle of Kherson.” Wikipedia, , last updated 27 March 2023, <https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Battle_of_Kherson&action=history>
- During the creation of this quiz I followed along with a course on creating quiz apps taught by  James Q Quick on YouTube. His channel can be found here: <https://www.youtube.com/@JamesQQuick> and the series of videos entitled 'build a quiz app' can be found here: <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDlWc9AfQBfZIkdVaOQXi1tizJeNJipEx>
-- I was then able to customize this code to choose my own questions, colors, and styling.

## License

Please refer to the license section

## Features

Some key features of this application include:

1. Feature 1
2. Feature 2
3. Feature 3
4. Feature 4
5. Feature 5
